Add DeepLab (#229)
tensorflow/tfjs-models: deeplab/README.md

The following twenty one objects are recognized and labelled according to the order of appearance:

* background
* aeroplane
* bicycle
* bird
* boat
* bottle
* bus
* car
* cat
* chair
* cow
* dining table
* dog
* horse
* motorbike
* person
* potted plant
* sheep
* sofa
* train
* TV

Pass an optional canvas element as `canvas` to draw the output as a side effect.

#### Segmentation input

* **image** :: DeepLabInput | ImageData | HTMLImageElement | HTMLCanvasElement | HTMLVideoElement | tf.Tensor3D;
* **canvas** (optional) :: HTMLCanvasElement

#### Segmentation output

The output is a promise of DeepLabOutput, an array of four elements:

* **Legend** :: { [name: string]: [number, number, number] }

The legend is a dictionary of objects recognized in the image and their colors in RGB format.

* **height** :: number

The new height of the processed image.

* **width** :: number

The new height of the processed image.

* **SegmentationMap** :: Uint8ClampedArray

The colored segmentation map as Uint8ClampedArray which can be [fed](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Canvas_API/Tutorial/Pixel_manipulation_with_canvas) into ImageData and mapped to a canvas.

> #### Segmentation example

Author: There is a`Usage` header on the top.

```typescript
const classify = async (image) => {
    return await model.predict(image);
}
```

**Note**: *For more granular control, consider `segment` and `translate` methods described below.*

### Producing a Semantic Segmentation Map

To segment an arbitrary image and generate a two-dimensional tensor with class labels assigned to each cell of the grid overlayed on the image (with the maximum number of cells on the side fixed to 513), use the `segment` method of the `SemanticSegmentation` object.

#### `model.segment` input

> * **image** :: DeepLabInput | ImageData | HTMLImageElement | HTMLCanvasElement | HTMLVideoElement | tf.Tensor3D;

Reviewer: Let's code quote types here

#### `model.segment` output

> * **rawSegmentationMap** :: Promise<RawSegmentationMap | tf.Tensor2D>

Reviewer: Code quote types here as well

#### `model.segment` example

```javascript
const getSemanticSegmentationMap = async (image) => {
    return await model.segment(image)
}
```

### Translating a Segmentation Map into the Color-Labelled Image

To transform the segmentation map into a coloured image, use the `translate` method of the `SemanticSegmentation` object. Pass an optional canvas element as `canvas` to draw the output as a side effect.

> #### `model.translate` input

Reviewer: I was thinking of calling `input` as `Params`, output as `Returns` and header for example as `Usage` and move away from `model.translate` since we explain it in `Usage`. Similar changes can be made above. What do you think?

Author: I like that headers reflect what method we are talking about, which makes skimming the page easier.

> * **segmentationMap** :: RawSegmentationMap | tf.Tensor2D

Reviewer: Code quotes here as well

* **Legend** :: { [name: string]: [number, number, number] }

The legend is a dictionary of objects recognized in the image and their colors.

* **SegmentationMap** :: Uint8ClampedArray

The colored segmentation map as Uint8ClampedArray which can be [fed](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Canvas_API/Tutorial/Pixel_manipulation_with_canvas) into ImageData and mapped to a canvas.

#### `model.translate` example

```javascript
const translateSegmentationMap = async (segmentationMap) => {
    return await model.translate(segmentationMap)
}
```

## Contributing to the Demo

Please see the demo [documentation](./demo/README.md).

## Technical Details

This model is based on the TensorFlow [implementation](https://github.com/tensorflow/models/tree/master/research/deeplab) of DeepLab v3. You might want to inspect the [conversion script](./convert_deeplab.sh), or download original pre-trained weights [here](https://github.com/tensorflow/models/blob/master/research/deeplab/g3doc/model_zoo.md). To convert the weights locally, run the script as follows, replacing `dist` with the target directory:

```bash

> ./utils/convert_deeplab.sh dist

Reviewer: Since this is more of a script, let's call this folder `scripts` and make the change here as well

To get started, pick the model name from `pascal`, `cityscapes` and `ade20k`, and decide whether you want your model quantized to 1 or 2 bytes (set the `quantizationBytes` option to 4 if you want to disable quantization). Then, initialize the model as follows:

```typescript
import {load} from '@tensorflow-models/deeplab';
const modelName = 'pascal';   // set to your preferred model, out of `pascal`, `cityscapes` and `ade20k`
const quantizationBytes = 2; // either 1, 2 or 4
const modelPromise = load({base: modelName, quantizationBytes});
```

By default, calling `load` initalizes the PASCAL variant of the model quantized to 2 bytes.

If you would rather load custom weights, you can pass the URL in the config instead:

```typescript
import {load} from '@tensorflow-models/deeplab';
const modelName = 'pascal';   // set to your preferred model, out of `pascal`, `cityscapes` and `ade20k`
const quantizationBytes = 2; // either 1, 2 or 4
const url = 'https://storage.googleapis.com/gsoc-tfjs/models/deeplab/quantized/1/pascal/model.json';
const modelPromise = load({modelUrl: url});
```

This will initialize the model and return the promise of a `SemanticSegmentation` object.

> You can still pass the `base` attribute set to either `pascal`,`pascal`, `cityscapes` and `ade20k` in the argument to use the corresponding colormap and labelling scheme. Otherwise, you would have to provide those yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the `base` argument to `pascal`, `cityscapes` or `ade20k` to use the corresponding colormap and labelling scheme. Otherwise, you would have to provide those yourself during segmentation.
```

> If you require more careful control over the initialization and behavior of the model (e.g. you want to use your own labelling scheme and colormap), use the `SemanticSegmentation` object on its own, passing a pre-loaded `GraphModel` in the constructor:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you require more careful control over the initialization and behavior of the model (e.g. you want to use your own labelling scheme and colormap), use the `SemanticSegmentation` class passing a pre-loaded `GraphModel` in the constructor:
```

```typescript
import * as tfconv from '@tensorflow/tfjs-converter';
import {SemanticSegmentation, getURL} from '@tensorflow-models/deeplab';
// use the getURL utility function to get the URL to the pre-trained weights
const base = 'pascal';   // set to your preferred model, out of `pascal`, `cityscapes` and `ade20k`
const quantizationBytes = 2; // either 1, 2 or 4
const modelUrl = getURL(base, quantizationBytes);

> const rawModel = tfconv.loadGraphModel(modelUrl);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const graphModel = await tfconv.loadGraphModel(modelUrl);
```

> const modelPromise = (async () => {return new SemanticSegmentation(await rawModel)();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const model = new SemanticSegmentation(graphModel);
```

Reviewer: You would need to pass `base` or give a default value otherwise `model.segment` will fail since `this.base` will be `undefined` and `getColormap` and `getLabels` will throw an error. I think there are couple of ways to move forward:

1. Either we don't give user an option to provide their own url like other tfjs-models. I think this is the best way forward and simplifies usage a lot.
2. Check all flows where code might break and fix them.

I'll say let's stick with 1st point.

```

Use `getColormap(base)` and `getLabels(base)` utility function to fetch the default colormap and labelling scheme.

```typescript
import {getLabels, getColormap} from '@tensorflow-models/deeplab';
const model = 'ade20k';
const colormap = getColormap(model);
const labels = getLabels(model);
```

### Segmenting an Image

The `segment` method of the `SemanticSegmentation` object covers most use cases.

Each model recognises a different set of object classes in an image:

- [PASCAL](./deeplab/src/config.ts#L60)
- [CityScapes](./deeplab/src/config.ts#L66)
- [ADE20K](./deeplab/src/config.ts#L72)

#### `model.segment` input

- **image** :: `ImageData | HTMLImageElement | HTMLCanvasElement | HTMLVideoElement | tf.Tensor3D`;

The image to segment

- **canvas** (optional) :: `HTMLCanvasElement`

> Pass an optional canvas element as `canvas` to draw the output as a side effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pass an optional canvas element as `canvas` to draw the output.
```

- **height** :: `number`

The height of the returned segmentation map

- **width** :: `number`

The width of the returned segmentation map

- **segmentationMap** :: `Uint8ClampedArray`

The colored segmentation map as `Uint8ClampedArray` which can be [fed](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Canvas_API/Tutorial/Pixel_manipulation_with_canvas) into `ImageData` and mapped to a canvas.

#### `model.segment` example

```typescript
const classify = async (image) => {
    return await model.segment(image);
}
```

**Note**: *For more granular control, consider `predict` and `toSegmentationImage` methods described below.*

### Producing a Semantic Segmentation Map

To segment an arbitrary image and generate a two-dimensional tensor with class labels assigned to each cell of the grid overlayed on the image (with the maximum number of cells on the side fixed to 513), use the `predict` method of the `SemanticSegmentation` object.

#### `model.predict` input

- **image** :: `ImageData | HTMLImageElement | HTMLCanvasElement | HTMLVideoElement | tf.Tensor3D`;

The image to segment

#### `model.predict` output

> - **rawSegmentationMap** :: `Promise<tf.Tensor2D>`

Reviewer: I don't think this method returns a `Promise`. Kindly check again.

The segmentation map of the image

#### `model.predict` example

```javascript
const getSemanticSegmentationMap = async (image) => {
    return await model.predict(image)
}
```

### Translating a Segmentation Map into the Color-Labelled Image

> To transform the segmentation map into a coloured image, use the `toSegmentationImage` method of the `SemanticSegmentation` object.

Reviewer: `SemanticSegmentation` does not have a `toSegmentationImage` method and are part of `utils`.

> #### `model.toSegmentationImage` input

Reviewer: This should not be coming from `model` and likewise below

- **colormap** :: `[number, number, number][]`

The array of RGB colors corresponding to labels

- **labels** :: `string[]`

The array of names corresponding to labels

- **segmentationMap** :: `tf.Tensor2D`

The segmentation map of the image

- **canvas** (optional) :: `HTMLCanvasElement`

> Pass an optional canvas element as `canvas` to draw the output as a side effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pass an optional canvas element as `canvas` to draw the output
```

#### `model.toSegmentationImage` output

> The returned promise is the future of a `SegmentationData` object that contains two attributes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A promise resolving to `SegmentationData` object that contains two attributes:
```

- **legend** :: `{ [name: string]: [number, number, number] }`

The legend is a dictionary of objects recognized in the image and their colors.

- **segmentationMap** :: `Uint8ClampedArray`

The colored segmentation map as `Uint8ClampedArray` which can be [fed](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Canvas_API/Tutorial/Pixel_manipulation_with_canvas) into `ImageData` and mapped to a canvas.

#### `model.toSegmentationImage` example

```javascript
const translateSegmentationMap = async (segmentationMap) => {

>     return await model.toSegmentationImage(segmentationMap)

Reviewer: `toSegmentationImage` takes more than one params as defined above.
